what is up YouTube this is a boy cry yo
Pez brigade you some battlefield 4 on
the PlayStation 4 as you can see I'm
using the l85a2 I got a nice little
secondary I want to show you guys right
here
don't boom boom yes the m1911 three
times scoped that's the developers
weapon right there they gave it up to
everyone but I wanted to show you guys
the first thing I wanted to use but here
as I'm using the LED if I want to show
you guys how to unlock this weapon this
weapon was pretty badass in battlefield
3 was really accurate I use it a few
times and battlefield 4 it has some type
some recoil but overall you can use it
with a array of different attachments
like muzzle Bri you can use the
compensator I like using suppressor with
it as you will see I'll use the
suppressor with it a few times this
weapon ISM it is pretty pretty nice it's
pretty accurate um if you guys want to
UM check this weapon I'll show you guys
kind of unlock it now before I start off
I want to apologize on my mtar unlock
video I was wondering why you couldn't
unlock it you have to be premium and all
that stuff when china rising was free
for everyone it tells you that it's free
but you need to be premium that was my
mistake
that's because China rising isn't out
yet for non premium members so for you
to unlock like the mtar that was on my
entire video you need to be a Premium
Member so you can actually download the
DLC that DLC I don't think it's all yeah
I think it's out next week so yes China
raising DLC isn't out for non Premium
Members that's why you're not allowed to
unlock the the actual weapon but other
l85 moving on so unlock this weapon you
need to do a few things all in the same
round like in like unlocking the mtar
you have to do three things on the same
round the first thing you have to have
is three assault ribbon three assault
ribbons of course that is the first
thing you need three assault ribbons
after that you need to complete these
next three all in the same round as well
you will need to remove your um I would
say remove your med bag because you
definitely hear defibrillators for the
assignment now you will need a kill with
a pistol a kill with of the grenade
launcher and a kill with the
defibrillators
so of course remove your med bag and
equip your folium 40 millimeter grenade
launcher of course once you do that
you're on your way to unlocking this
weapon of course you need three assault
ribbons i unlock this weapon on gillion
pass i think it was or what a dragon
passed as you saw in the beginning of
the video once you get your three
assault ribbons of course you go about
shoot anyone with any pistol any
secondary that'll complete your pistol
kill after that you're gonna need to of
course this doesn't have to be an order
it can be in any order you want you get
a kill with the forty millimeter grenade
launcher which i did that's pretty easy
grenade launchers are pretty strong in
this game look at this 1911 redo pistols
i mean grenade launchers a pretty strong
missile game so that's that's not hard
to do once you do that the next one is a
challenge you're gonna probably have to
camp sneak up behind someone or just
plain old just wait for someone just to
come up hide wait for them to post up
maybe a sniper a recon and take them up
but need to get a kill with the
defibrillators defibrillators and
battlefield 4 kill a lot easier than in
battlefield 3 if you guys remember
battlefield 3 defibrillators were just
very very difficult to try to get a kill
with I did a montage on that but it was
a hard thing to do in battlefield 3 and
battlefield 4 defibrillator kills are
pretty easy I guess because they're part
of assignments now we're part of this
assignment they couldn't make it that
that difficult because then no one's
gonna try to unlock this weapon or any
other Simon that involves their ability
kills if there are any so defibrillator
killed 40 millimeter grenade launcher
kill pistol kill and have three assault
ribbons and you will unlock this weapon
now this weapon is pretty nice issues
800 rounds per minute it uses 5.56 by 40
NATO rounds and overall it's it's a
pretty accurate gun here
with the RDS muzzle brake and the angled
for grip now this weapon all all in all
is pretty accurate on its own so I don't
think you will definitely you will
automatically need like a muzzle brake
or heavy barrel from afar even though
heavy barrel to me in battlefield 4 it's
there is no points to this a lot of
these weapons are already super accurate
so using an equipment heavy barrel and
losing all that act I'm losing all that
stability just again a little bit of
accuracy is ridiculous so muzzle break
suppressor is pretty pretty awesome not
using any attachments for your barrel is
also great so this right here as you can
see I'm not using any any attachments on
my barrel and it's still dropping people
on the suppressor also is a pretty
accurate um attachment so I think I
might stick with the suppressor I used
to roll with the suppressor and
battlefield 3 with the l85 so I think
imma stick with the suppressor and
depending on the range or the style of
mat or the map that I'm playing on
depends on the attachment I'm gonna use
so suppressor like in maps like
Dawnbreaker operation Locker it'll work
just as well as most muzzle break and
anything else so this weapon overall is
a pretty decent weapon it can hold up on
its own it has a pretty decent rate of
fire and compared to like the Augie 3 or
the sar-21 it's this weapon can hold up
so if you guys want unlock it again you
need to have three assault ribbons saw
ribbons in and around or I guess three
assault ribbons in general you will need
a pistol kill in one round all in one
round and can't be in a separate round
after you get your pistol kill make sure
you have your 40-millimeter grenade
launcher equipped and get a kill with
that and then after that try to camp
your ass off and find someone and get a
defibrillator kill and that would unlock
your l85 so all that has to be one
around you have to have three assault
ribbons then you have to get a kill with
a pistol like this one and then get a
kill with a 40-millimeter grenade
launcher and then get a kill with
defibrillator and
you will unlock the l85a2 I hope you
guys enjoyed my video please hit that
like button until next time this is a
boy cry oh I'm out peace